# Perceptron-Network
Neural Network is the representation of brain's learning approach. This brain operates as multiprocessor and has excellent interlinked. Neural Network also can be represented as "Parallel distributed processing" planning. It is utilised in the computer applications for solving the complicated problems. There are many benefits from Neural Network such as no requirements for specifying the relevant factors, an unsophisticated model which has many factors for performance, a straightforward model, fault tolerance and an innate synchronous. Perceptron is a very important part of neural networks. It is an algorithm for supervised learning of binary classifiers: functions that can decide whether an input (represented by a vector of numbers) belongs to one class or another. It is a type of linear classifier, i.e. a classification algorithm that makes its predictions based on a linear predictor function combining a set of weights with the feature vector. The algorithm allows for learning, in that it processes elements in the training set one at a time. 
Our project is on Perceptron Networks.  In this we are taking a set of inputs, initial weights are kept to zero and a target is set. The learning rate and threshold are later asked from the user by the code and the final weights are given as the output. For the Nntool part of Matlab we are implementing the perceptron network by setting the inputs, target as well as the initial weights. The settings for threshold and learning rate are set and on running we get the final weights. 
